[project1] meeting 14.02.2020
attendees: [person4], [person7], [person6]
purpose of meeting: discussing the structure of deliverable, github

summary
• work with overleaf interface
• overleaf troubles
• [organization1] publishing platform
• deadlines for user style workshop
• accesing git through overleaf credentials
• necessary content
• installign tlmgr - package manager
• compiling screenshots
• git commiting modifications
	milestones
	• elg paper (21.02.2020)


minutes submitted by: [annotator2]
