we want to have a benefit from that ability to share data with person 3 to 4.
we want the benefit of that information to be included in the system.
this is something that is very important to us to apologise to and the benefit is that it will be included into the systems.a final exam for this year's exam perial will take place in the end of the year.
if you've had your time for the exams, you'll have to run the script and the dictionary of already known words from the corpus.
you have a directory with all the.
documents, downloaded from the web containing the.
relevant domain - specific dat - data.the correct word is actually idempotent or idembatent.
it could be expensive it's a large corpus of files in which case again you would have dictionaries per source.
if you make a reasonable policy about the file naming then you can simply create the non - existent file naming.people can upload their files to folders each folder per talk.
the reason is to mention what we have discussed today at the organization1...
so they are definitely going to have many source files for us.
we've discussed the issue at the [ organization1 ] event 1.some of the files they will have will be public files which should - maybe they have - will be confidential.
but there will be another set of files which are confidential for like the project.
this is what should i give.
it's possible to have two copies of this interface like that of that uploaded interface.what's the best type of collaboration you could start with [ person3 ], you would like to.
if there is a session going to happen, what exactly happens next? we need communication protocol kind of so that person3 would run it and adapt it model on that...
and this is the transfer of the data, well actually.on thursday, i'm busy with school...
i'll be busy on thursday.
if [ person3 ] contact you on thursday or thursday, so when you are going to be available? if so, i will be busy with talkable adaptations the automated automatization is that.
i could - i can - i.
can - hear you now.on wednesday, i'm sure i'll have something by tomorrow.
hopefully i will get something by wednesday.
i don't know whether you have to be there or not...
that would be good to see you.
i want to put together documentations with person9.the webster kit is available on the presentation platform.
it's your deputy for communication with person9.
it is your deputy's deputy for communications.
if you need to read the presentation, then send it to person9, so that we can - we should probably sell all to [ person9 ] with one call...
or not.we fix the empty moduls to work on the real data.
we already have to.
prepare data for iswslt.
it should be exactly some - some - - < unintelligible...
and by me and [ [ person ] 1 ] should finalize this test now and that ’ s all i think.
so that we should conclude that our test now is ready.the czech segmenter is working on a docker that capitalizates the first letter for proper nouns but not the segmentor.
the docker was shared by person8's member of person8 ’ s evaluation tools on monday.
it's the first time the segmenter has been able to run the full segmenter on a computer.a low virtual machine docker is something that - - that would do the job yeah, but this is what we need like for permanent use.
i would like to discuss how to increase the f - the recall system for that for the stop and periods.
if you instance it actually.
connects to mediator like analyzing the first word letter of the proper nouns.we have a list number number of periods.
we need to use the time stamps to - yes.
we don't have anyone else on the call...
so remember it's low proposing pits frequently.
we're not having anyone on the line for the stops and the text.the doodle of your availability for regular meetings, please do so.
click here for all the latest from your search for your availability.
check out the full search for the'unintelligible'message.
click through the search to find out what you want to do.
if you've not filled the youtube - filled doodle, please share it.