the speaker adaptation data collection interface is being developed by the surge 2020 organisation .
i would like to know how to share the data with [person3] so that the data actually makes it to the models .
in the coming weeks we want to have a benefit from that and that it will be included in the particular systems .we expect directories to grow in time so we just dump them to the- yes,yes .
if you make some reasonable policy about the file naming then you can easily create the non-existent unintelligible> files and non-existence segment files and then re-do the dictionary from scratch that is not too expensive .i think that around march you should be able to have this running .
i suggested that we could have two copies of this unintelligible> interface like two views .
one of the views would be green on green ground and that would be all the files which are non-sensitive .
there would be another layer of that which would be like copy of that uploaded interface .i'm trying to make the webster kit connection working .
on wednesday the drive one session is more important .
and on monday from one we have like pre-drive one .i'm working on unintelligible> speech consilation and i now re-check if we can convert empty moduls to work on prefixes .
i think most important test now is to prepare data for iswslt .
by me and [person1] should finalize this test now and that's all .cnn's mike downey says he was busing transcribing recordings that was share by unintelligible> .
he also fixed a tool that capitalized the first letter for proper nouns but he still need to do this manually .
upey: i would again try, since we got the docker file for that as well.
i'm very much afraid of running docker on some virtual machine.eb plan did not support the doodle unintelligible> for regular meetings .
if you haven't filled the youtube, please do so .
it's quite important that everybody enter themselves for specific things they have done .thank you, bye bye