(person3) hi [person15], yeah, it works.
so you have to unute unmute yourself, but i can see that you have joined.
(person15) hello, can you hear me now?
(person3) yes, yes, it works.
(person15) ah, great.
hi, [person3].
(person3) <unintelligible> yeah.
(person15) okay, thank you.
(person3) so i'm happy that- to see that it works even without any installation.
(person15) yeah, yeah.
we we we'd always said that we should download the <unintelligible>
and our it's very restrictive.
we we we are not allowed to install something,
but then, we found the link with says <unintelligible>.
(person3) yes, yes exactly.
(person15) so okay.
(person3) yeah, yeah.
(person15) great, thank you.
(person3) so talk to in a second.
yeah, or enough in in a couple of minutes.
(person15) sure, sure.
sure, sure.
(person8) hi everyone.
(person13) hello everyone.
(person3) hi.
i'm happy uh to see that it works for all of you.
(person13) great.
(person3) okay, well, it seems that we have many people already.
uh, great.
thanks for joining.
ah-
(person16) good morning.
(person3) yeah, so we have [organization5].
we still don't have anyone from uh, [organization7], right?
so let's wait a little while for little while.
but uh, uh, the it's good to see you after uh, all this all these complications with covid.
[person2] seems kind of ah, yeah, frozen.
<laugh>
i don't know whether the picture is frozen or [person2] is frozen.
<laugh>
or whether this is just uh, a photo.
<laugh>
 it's probably just a photo.
<laugh>
(person2) just a profile picture.
(person3) yeah, okay.
<laugh>
so good to uh, um, good to uh, good to have you all all of you here.
there is something [person2], which we need to discuss uh, directly.
and that's the it's actually mentioned.
uh, here is the organization of the iwslt presentations.
so do do you have any preference or d- do you have any idea how do we do it?
because [person22] already asks uh, asked a while ago.
uh, are you making any steps in this, or decisions?
(person2) no, i haven't done any steps and decisions,
i thought sort of you'd ask with doing it-
(person3) yeah.
(person2) and the, coordinating.
(person3) yeah.
(person2) so what what's your propose?
i mean, what we have proposed in the a in the offline <track> seems quite a reasonable.
i don't think that-
(person3) uh, w- which is why i haven't really read that yet?
<unintelligible>.
(person2) so they have-
i've tried to remember.
so they organizing a panel, so we shouldn't do that i guess.
(person3) okay.
(person2) and then they always have 2 time slots for the presentation of the papers.
(person3) um-hum.
(person2) the papers can- also the presentations, can be pre-recorded,
but uh, then podcast um, at an european time zone time slot
(attend, attend) us time zone time slot
and then you have to be available for a questions i guess to in that time.
i have to look it up exactly.
(person3) yeah, yeah, yeah and and the panel, so so do we really want?-
(person2) and they they are going to have a panel, exactly.
so we shouldn't organize another one as well.
i don't think so.
i think one panel should be enough.
(person3) yes, exactly.
so yeah, exactly.
so let's let's no organize a panel, let's just do the-
so we will need to have probably pre-recorded summary of the results uh, presentation.
(person2) well, we have to pick which paper, uh, probably one paper i guess.
uh, i i have to look it up again.
so which paper is sort of suppose to be presented as an <unintelligible> paper?
(person3) oh, that is strange because independently,
[person20] has received a request from the main organizers to prepare a video for his-
well, the [project3] submission and-
(person2) okay, then-
yeah, that's 2, so we-
there was a selection process, which ones to select for-
(person3) okay.
(person2) okay, so that's taken care of then i guess.
i still have to look at it and then we have to prepare for the posters.
(person3) yes.
(person2) i guess, that's also taken care of then.
i mean, the deadline was already uh, 3 days ago
and and deadline was given by acl so-
(person3) for the decisions.
uh, for -
(person2) exactly.
(person3) for, for the timing.
(person2) for the for the decisions of-
so for what i've understand understood from [person22], it's <unintelligible> wanted to know
and 24 was everything sort of.
(person3) yeah.
so hopefully there is only one slot for us to present the overall results
and the rest is hopefully done across all the tasks.
that will be like -
(person2) let me let me see, i'm-
okay, i have to saw that because i've got maybe 2 dozen or more emails on that topic.
(person3) um, yeah, yeah, yeah.
so have i and -
<laugh>
(person2) and so [person22]s latest proposal was-
so over your paper will be exactly um, podcast.
twice at 9 am and 6 pm seattle time, so essentially, european time, us time.
uh, (with) different speakers or papers will be pre-recorded.
20 minutes poster, 5 minutes pre-recording uh, pre-recorded talks <unintelligible>.
okay, he says, he wants to organize workshop workshops sessions of 1 or each 1 evaluation.
(tricks).
so might we that we have to organize a -
(person3) 1 (or) -
(person2) 1 (or) 10 (or) something session.
(person3) okay.
(person2) workshop session of on that (record).
but i i guess, that would be to very <unintelligible> with -
(person3) to (file) <unintelligible> but that was too quick for uh, for the decision
and he had to uh, respond immediately.
so well, okay.
yeah.
(person2) well, as for <unintelligible> then i've understood that he basically,
he worked the thing i think <unintelligible> something and report by monday or <unintelligible>.
(person3) yeah, which i've failed to doing time because i had other things as well.
okay.
(person2) i i didn't see the emails before monday because we've had a long weekend.
(person3) yeah.
okay, thank you for your update.
in the meantime, uh, i think everybody has joined.
um, we don't have [organization9] here, but they are not in the project.
and i don't know whether they were officially uh, reminded <laugh> about the meeting.
so they could only uh, watch, but share their mind.
just the question who is this me firefox cross?
<laugh>
someone someone's name is uh, me firefox, uh.
would you know, who who that person is?
i can probably unmute the person,
but i don't know, whether that would be polite enough to unmute someone.
<laugh>
well, lets hope, that there is no sp- yep.
so -
(person10) i talk to you [person3].
<?another language?>
(person3) great, okay, so this is actually the [organization9].
so this is [person18].
<laugh>
uh, so we have everybody.
uh, great.
thanks for joining.
let's try to be quick uh, again.
but there is lot of things that we have to discuss.
so uh, you have seen the agenda before.
if you have any, uh, things that you would like to bring uh, up on the agenda,
uh, please, put them there right now.
and also make sure to to to have your <unintelligible>, if i'm s- talking all the time.
uh, uh, so let's start with the um, um, with the uh, uh, the the postponed review.
so it's seems, that people have not uh-
so [person21], uh, please, let let us know what this doodle is.
this is that we need to figure out, the date.
(person8) okay, so it's because the the review will postpone till september.
and we should give uh, our project officer the new ah, a new date.
and i see more people finally voted it, so-
(person3) so maybe we'd-
uh, we have [organization11], we have uh, [person5].
yeah, so maybe there is a chance to to pick a date.
okay, so thanks for thanks for your vote
and we'll see uh, what what comes out and we'll let you know maybe already now.
so then the financial tables.
this is a preparation uh, for the new official submission.
so since we have there you only in september,
uh, then there is uh, uh, time enough to have all the numbers in their final form.
uh, i don't know about about your your institutions,
at our institutions, we normally can provide the final numbers at the earliest like 2 weeks or 3 weeks
after the respective month has ended.
and since the 1st period, which we are reviewing end with june,
we cannot have the official numbers from our part earlier then in mid july, or towards the end of july.
i expect the same applies to you.
and the eu gives us 2 months actually to to finalize these numbers.
so we ask for the financial tables with the deadline of may uh, for like a testing purposes.
uh, so that it we would get an estimate from you  um, uh,
and we would also like double check that you are sending as the numbers, that we understand
uh, and uh, that we can put it together
and that everything makes sense already before the uh, the final dates.
so uh, is anybody uh, missing?
[organization10], yes.
so we would like to get uh, um, uh, these estimate uh, numbers from [organization10].
and uh, we will review those, that we have received
and please, be ready to to have the final versions of these,
which includes june um, spendings um, in mid july, or late july.
and from that point, uh, until the end of august,
we have to finalize it and send it as as 1 of the report,
or maybe (fill) it in uh, in the online system,
so that the eu knows.
so expect that at the boundary of july and august, there would be some paper with necessary on your side
and especially in your respective financial departments.
but everything-
the content should be already pretty clear after this dry run with uh, with the may preview of that.
uh, are we aware of any problems there?
do we expect any- anything strange, anything like unforeseen and un- un- unplanned?
to any to -
(person12) hi [person3],  um, um, i'm in here from [organization10].
(person3) um-hum.
(person12) no, we we don't expect any problems.
the only thing is um, that we're not turn out to see the numbers from our colleagues, all the salaries.
(person3) okay.
(person12) that's the reason why we already have to put it to our of finance department
and they come back with number.
(person3) yes.
(person12) so that-
(person3) that is okay.
(person12) <unintelligible> we are late, that's that's -
(person3) that is totally okay.
(person12) we we can't estimated it because we don't know all the salaries.
(person3) yeah, yeah.
(person12) that's that's the thing why we'd be late.
(person3) yeah, this this numbers should come from your financial department anyway as sum.
it it's not uh, like separated by by individual people, so-
(person12) yeah.
(person3) this is this is all uh, standard.
(person12) yeah, yeah.
(person3) still, i would like you to get in touch,
or maybe link directly you financial people with uh, with us.
(person12) um-hum.
(person3) so that we know, that we understand the tables the same way.
(person12) yep, yep.
(person3) that's the purpose-
(person12) yeah, that's-
(person3) that is the purpose that is the purpose of the the like dry run,
uh, uh, which uh, which was due uh, end of may.
(person12) okay, okay, great, we will do this.
(person3) so yeah, so this this dry run should happen anyway.
(person12) um-hum.
(person3) the numbers will be a- approximate, but it's to test whether we understand each other.
and then in july, it would be easy to get the uh, final numbers.
(person12) okay, great we will we will tell the -
we have 1 1 person in our finance department, who was responsible for the e- european stuff,
so we all european projects will talk to <unintelligible> she will come back to us.
(person3) yeah, okay.
(person12) okay, thank you.
(person3) uh, thank, you.
so then the most important, uh, stuff to deal with is the large- pretty large set of deliverables.
here are the overleaf links.
uh, and we have the reviewer chosen.
uh, we don't have a reviewer for the report on nlp technologies.
(person2) i can do that i guess.
(person3) either, yes, either you, or i thought that it could even be [organization10].
because it is a workshop, which was planned and it will happen,
once once it happen, once it happens for lay people.
so for people not uh, not familiar with nlp technologies at all.
uh, so it could uh, thanks for volunteering,
i'm i'm searching for uh, the appropriate uh-huh, appropriate <unintelligible>, but it's-
i have to see it elsewhere, so that i don't disturb in my office
and that's pretty annoying.
<parallel_talk> um, where is the?-
i don't see the uh, yeah, the the numbers are too- <parallel_talk>
uh, sorry, too too small screen.
<laugh>
yeah, that's it.
uh, so the uh, the reviewer for -
and we don't uh, yeah.
the reviewer on spoken language translation, which is overseen by [organization7] is also missing.
uh, i don't know who could do that because it's -
we are all in involved.
(person2) it's it's [person13] in my table that i see.
(person3) oh, you see [person13] as a reviewer?
(person8) y- yes, because it's in the [organization3] doc, but not in the-
(person3) oh, okay.
okay, so i'm looking at the sheet.
so that's [person13] is reviewing, that's good.
uh, and then report and dissemination.
so that's another important thing.
this a report, that has to be written by [organization10],
but everybody should contribute their data.
so uh, if you haven't done so yet,
please, make sure to enter all your dissemination activities remote, or in person,
which obviously was limited, into the continuous reporting table.
the link for the continues reporting table is just uh, on um, uh, under the page break here.
so yeah.
that's uh, the (7.4) for please be aware,
that everyone needs to uh, needs to fill this uh, google sheet.
so that is an-
(person12) [person3]?
(person3) yep?
(person12) sorry, may may i say something about it?
(person3) yep.
(person12) um, thanks again, for for for saying that we need more input.
um, especially what we were we need especially more input is in the scientific dissemination part
and the workshop and nlp technologies.
also, what would be very good,
if you participated on trade 1st,
or after covid 19 outbreak on a kind of online <unintelligible> online <unintelligible>.
just let us know, so we can integrate it in our report.
(person3) yeah.
so about the- about the workshop, uh, i suggest, that we actually say,
that more details are in this separate deliverable, the 7.2.
because the workshop actually did not take place.
there were preparations and we will write -
(person12) um-hum.
(person3) what the preparations were, when dids any dry run sessions happen,
what was the planned content of the workshops,
or the like the the workshop as package is essentially ready.
it was just not delivered because  the the covid crisis.
so there is uh, like no dissemination actually happened, but the-
<laugh>
(person12) but the preparation for dissemination.
<laugh>
(person3) yeah, but preparation for-
<laugh>
(person12) <laugh>
(person17) can i <unintelligible> ask for clarification here?
so i see that uh, someone also entered the papers, which they published.
should we do that also in this dissemination sheet?
when we published a papers and and name [project3] is is not <unintelligible> should be put in <unintelligible>.
(person3) uh, that's a good question.
so it-
we should report all the papers somewhere and maybe these dise
so so a definitely, we need to collect all the information,
ideally bibtech uh, uh, entries from my point of view.
for all the papers, which acknowledge uh, [project3].
uh, and the yes, let's let's probably think that the best place is indeed this this report.
if there is some other online -
(person2) it's it's it's partipi- participation to a conference so,
i mean, usually we participate to a conference, where we published a paper.
(person17) that's (fair).
what is the expected number of people at iwslt and?-
(person3) yeah, yeah.
so we don't know, but d- that yeah.
i'm bad with like this table filling thing.
so fill something reasonable.
<laugh>
yeah, so um.
(person19) so should we put a papers into this document?
i mean, as uh, [person7] has.
um.
i'm not sure that-
it doesn't seem a great format really, but -
(person3) yeah, exactly doesn't seem uh, as a good format.
(person8) the- in the pre-review, which we had uh -
(person3) um-hum.
(person8) during the autumn, we put uh, the papers only into like into the text.
we -
(person3) um-hum.
(person8) but we didn't fill them into this table.
(person3) yeah.
(person8) so only if you went- if you were attending a conference,
i think, we have put it here, but otherwise if we just were,
well, if there was a paper we-
(person19) i i understood, that some kind of semi-automated system for getting papers
and the eu units open (ira) or something like that.
so.
(person3) yeah.
(person19) we- i mean, we have- [organization7] had fill in our papers and think of <unintelligible>.
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) and it's automatic, like to this open (ira).
(person3) okay.
(person19) automatically, the eu can get it.
well, i assume is not fully automatic.
there must be some steps like as an [project3] paper.
(person3) we'll have to check.
so the uh, i remember, that someone told me that if we simply put the papers into our biblio,
which is our bibliographical system, then it will get there somehow.
(person19) yeah.
that's a similar.
i don't know what magic happens in between, but there is -
(person3) yeah.
(person19) i mean, it's probably not complete magic.
but that that seems a better solution than than putting -
(person3) yeah, so here for-
(person19) the spread sheet.
(person3) yeah, for for this spread sheet, [person7] has put the paper is here
and [person14] has is now putting the iwslt uh, paper.
but i suggest, that we put here uh, rather the things,
which do not have a paper associated.
so um, uh, that that that happens.
they're like uh, if you have an invited talk at the conference uh,
then this is what what would not appear in open air.
uh, and uh, still you want to mention that.
so for regular paper submissions, which have a conference presentation,
i would not put them into this table.
i would put here all the things that uh, are not associated with the paper.
so the the sum of our dissemination activities will be this table plus the papers.
so we'll we'll check the open air uh, thing
and we'll check how the the uses that um-
it's possible, i remember that in the past projects, such as in <unintelligible>,
you've asked us for bibtech entries uh, of the papers.
and i don't know what you did with that as the coordinator <unintelligible> then.
(person19) <laugh>
so so that was (ideal) because-
okay, so i created the website from bibtech, which was okay.
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) um, there was some style for <unintelligible>.
but then we had put into the eu system and and ended u- ended up my new process.
(person3) okay.
(person19) i'd to conv- i converted bibtech into spreadsheet ago, somebody in the office type it in.
she (might) stop all the checks names-
(person3) yeah.
<laugh>
(person19) and then somebody else so fixed all, so that was really about process.
um, ideally, this open (ira) pure or whatever.
it's the way to go i just don't fully know how it works.
(person3) yeah, so this for us.
so [person21], please make sure that we we do it,
that we examine like what has to be done,
and we'll let you know in a week or 2 uh, in what format we need your papers.
uh, so the bibtech for me seems natural,
but there is a big risk,
that there will be this manual conversion necessary then on on our side.
so maybe, if we figure out the official format better,
then uh, we can ask you for the appropriate format right away,
or possibly, if your universities have uh, a system, which already handles these papers,
then it may get to open -
i don't really know what open air is.
so uh, th- there is chance, that it goes there automatically from big research institution,
such as universities.
and then we need to check that everything got there.
yeah, yeah, so this is this is an assignment for uh, for us.
uh, okay, so uh, uh, for back to the deliverables.
um, the uh, so we have reviewers for uh, everything except the project management guide initial and updates.
and there uh, someone who is experienced with some management,
but [person8] has already volunteered to do asr systems.
so let's -
(person8) and maybe [person2]?
(person3) so there is 2 deliverables uh, that -
(person2) sure, sure i can do it.
(person3) yeah?
<laugh>
so in that case -
(person2) then [organization10] can do the nlp and-
(person3) exactly.
(person2) and i do the (exciting) management.
(person3) exactly, yes.
<laugh>
yeah, thank you.
so so who from [organization10]?
would that be [person15] uh, to review the report on nlp technologies workshop?
(person15) uh, might it would not be me, i guess it would some of our developers.
uh, so i have to talk to <unintelligible>.
(person3) it will be it it will be-
that's as i said, the workshop is for people not familiar with nlp.
(person15) oh, okay.
um, yeah so well,
<laugh>
if i'm not have to be familiar with with that -
(person3) yes.
(person15) (nlp) i guess, i i'm the right person.
(person3) yeah, yeah.
(person15) so yeah, yeah.
i would do this, yeah.
(person3) yep.
so great.
so we have reviewers in the table written for all the deliverables.
i'm not going to open the overleafs now,
but you have the overleaf links here,
and uh, all the main authors responsible sites know,
what uh, what is the status uh, of each of these deliverables.
remember, that we agreed to have them, essentially by the end of uh, this week or on monday.
and that's the that's the time, where you should send it to uh, your re- reviewer of the deliverable.
so that the reviewer has uh, 2 weeks to uh, to processes that uh,
and then you have 1 week to incorporate the changes.
and we need to submit all these deliverables uh, uh, at the latest on june, on the last of june.
so i think, that we're generally doing good.
we-
i know of that some of the deliverables have not-
yeah, well, started yet.
and there will negotiate with with the respective reviewer to to-
we will buy some extra time for from them.
uh, but uh, across the board, i think, that we are proceeding reasonably well.
so if you have any questions,
any any like problems with partners, not contributing to your deliverable, please, mention that.
so that so that everybody is aware that uh, it's not just the main author,
but obviously all the participating sites, who have to contribute.
but i think everybody knows their job
and everybody is um, doing a great job, actually.
uh, uh, so one thing, which is still not fully clear to me, is that this uh-
we will write the report the the the 7.2
uh, uh, about all the preparations uh, and stating that the workshop has actually not taken place.
but uh, uh, [person6] also said,
that they are proposing a partial report for milestones
because they are also associated milestones,
um, uh, and uh, these milestones normally do not have report.
so i'm kind of confused, what what should we do here?
these are milestone for the events, which were postponed.
uh, so uh, we will have to check and [person21] that's again something for us to do.
what exactly should we should we do for an event, which has a milestone,
but the event has not taken uh, place.
yep.
the but the now at the same time,
we received this information, that we leave that milestone.
okay, that's confusing.
so we we'll sort out.
so uh, if you have missed that information.
the new congress date is already uh, known.
it luckily falls still within our project uh,
and reasonably uh, within that.
it's from 30th of may to the 3rd of june 2021.
and the workshop itself will be on the 1st of uh, june.
uh, so that's that's good.
please, block these dates.
and since you have so much time ahead,
maybe you can consider planning at a visit to [location1].
it would be a good thing uh, anyway to uh, to see each other in in person.
so yep.
um, okay.
then, the demo.
that's something, which kept us pretty busy
and it's still uh, keeps us a pretty busy.
uh, despite all the problems and and the unfortunate postponing, that we had to do -
(person8) if we inform [person6] about the new date.
(person3) uh, so we don't have the date.
so i would like to ask [person4], what is the curr- and and also [organization5].
what is the current status and and the newest messages <laugh> about.
(person2) it seems like since yesterday afternoon we have permanent (power) again.
(person3) okay.
(person2) <unintelligible> so successful.
i'm still waiting for the all-clear report
and  with a all uh, service have come up successfully again,
some of the uh, file service, we are still doing file system checks,
but it looks like we should be back to operation walls.
(person3) um-hum.
that's good.
(person13) wonderful.
(person3) yeah, that's that's that's uh, that's great, actually.
so uh, we have also as you know, we have experience uh, power outages ourselves,
and the everything is unstable.
so uh, there is still the risk, that every- that something will will fail,
but i think that it is now good time to uh, to ask for the uh, date,
uh, for the new date with the project officer, right?
(person12) i think so.
i mean -
(person3) yeah.
so so [person4], could you again please prepare a an internal pole?
so that we like uh, with with a large number of dates,
that we reduce the number of dates, that we offer to the uh, project officer.
and then, please, everybody filling this quickly.
uh, so that we can hopefully email uh, the options to [person6].
uh, co- could you email him tomorrow?
with the options, obviously, not not the date choice.
(person13) <laugh>
uh, well, um, first, i would like to check the demo again
and check that all these services are running uh.
(person3) um-hum.
(person13) um.
(person3) okay, so let's let's-
(person13) i would like-
<laugh>
(person3) yeah.
(person13) (solution) running before sending a new date.
(person3) it was-
it it i know, that you have been in doing this even after the the postponed uh, dates
and and [person1] is doing this regularly.
(person13) yes.
(person3) so so i think that e- everything is actually working, but yes, i i understand.
so so lets do the internal pole,
uh, and let's fill it uh, the internal pole during the end of this week.
and then uh, on monday, or tuesday the latest,
uh, let's have the dates um, um, ready the options, ready for [person6].
and let's give them the-
uh, i'm pushing this earlier as because like we are getting quite far into june,
since there would be again some delay,
1 day until they decide, what they what they they would prefer.
uh, so it seems like uh, uh, the best week for the demo would be if around the 15th
like from in the 2nd half of june, essentially.
(person13) um-hum, yes.
(person3) right?
(person13) i agree, i agree.
(person3) yeah.
yeah, so that's-
uh, if if we send uh, [person6] the options uh, very early next week,
then uh, the choices validate from uh, the uh, 2nd half of june would make sense.
so let's let's do that.
yeah, so -
(person13) okay.
(person3)  yep.
so the demo will tentatively take place in in on 1 of the days um, uh, of the  uh, in the 2nd half of june.
uh, okay, uh, s- yeah s- so with the demo,
there we have uh, had some very interesting experience ourselves uh,
all of us uh, in the technical team.
and uh, there are 2 messages, that i uh, like take from this.
uh, so 1 of the messages is that we actually should have all our components replicated uh,
at all other at at some other sides.
so everybody uh, should uh, make sure that uh, for each of his workers,
there is uh, another site, who can also run the same worker.
uh, nd we have done this now for [organization5] workers
because there were uh, the the actual problems.
uh, we are able if i'm not mistaken, to run some of the [organization7] mt systems.
uh, and what we have not done is to provide our systems to others, yet.
uh, so the actually, o- our side is now the least the least safe for for this demo.
and this is something, that uh, i would like uh, to ask [person1] to to do.
[person8] proposed a dockerisation.
we don't really use docker our servers because of these pseudo access needs.
uh, but we do uh, or other colleagues, not not me, uh, do it on some virtual machines.
uh, so we'll see uh, m- i was curious uh, yeah, uh, yeah.
so [person8] has no experience.
i was curious about this singularity.
uh, that's the rootless uh, uh, docker.
uh, so uh-
(person17) we we do use docker that way.
you do have to said, you'd have to a route once to set the permission on the docker socket.
(person3) um-hum.
(person17) and make your user part of the docker group,
but after that, you don't need to run docker.
(person3) but then, you need still-
(person17) it's still insecure in a way because the-
(person3) yeah.
(person17) the actual docker stuff is running as root.
and and files that the docker wr- writes back back to your <unintelligible> system, will be owned by root,
uh, which can mean convenient.
but in principle, you can run docker containers without root.
(person19) i i mean, we we and all <unintelligible> and other projects some worker
and we deliver mt system dockerized.
we don't <unintelligible> exists were dockerizing systems,
but we kind of know how to do it um-
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) it really seems a much better way to go,
than than giving people my new instructs since [organization9] some pieces [organization9] (fair).
i mean, i i know dockers're p- not perfect
and sometimes you get a docker and you can get it to run,
but if we gonna have have this this architects,
we have all each different components to in different things.
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) uh, really, it it's- it's made for (containerization).
(person3) yeah.
(person19) and the root thing should be something, that you can work around than me.
and i i don't know because registers we've a run servers,
but i'm i'm really surprised, that your it system are just like no docker.
that's not or-
(person3) well, no, there, they said, no docker on cluster.
uh, so and they have like virtual machines uh, which then are okay for uh, running docker.
(person19) right.
right, okay.
(person3) so there is -
(person19) <unintelligible> docker plays nicely with the id approach machines
because the you <unintelligible> fire up, in many machine.
(person3) yep.
(person19) 1 to and just -
(person3) yeah.
(person19) you you yes, you kind a need a things dockerized otherwise,
or some you need some components.
(person3) yeah, so we will so we will investigate what exactly can we do
and we'll try to package our systems and get back to [person8] and uh,
and also [person14] for for this system.
so the question, that i have here now is-
because we have the asr systems for czech, that's [project5] based.
(person19) um-hum.
(person3) we also have some some jasper based,
but these are not integrated yet because of the missing segmentation.
uh, and uh, um, we have [project2], or [project1] systems.
and uh, i think, that it would make sense uh, if uh, if we made sure,
that the asr systems could be run at [organization5] and the translation systems in [organization7].
or would you propose any other uh, like back up partners?
(person19) seems fine to us i mean.
yeah, i suppose it would be easier for us some run [project2] and [project1].
(person3) yeah.
(person19) yeah.
(person17) yeah.
(person10) yeah, sounds reasonable to me as well.
(person3) yeah, okay.
so we will try that.
i'm not sure if we -
(person17) 1 guestion?
(person3) yeah?
(person20) what this asr what is it should be used?
(person3) um.
(person20) no, no, [project5] uses cpu.
(person3) yep.
(person19) but but they're no running, i mean as a called back up, isn't it?
(person3) this is a called back up, but it should be it like tested once, in case we need it.
(person17) should be able to run.
(person3) it should be able to run, yes.
(person19) well, yeah.
<laugh>
you don't you don't need to <unintelligible> gpu for these systems <unintelligible> you're asking.
(person3) yeah, yeah.
only in emergency, but ek- as as [person20] said, uh, and yeah, i also had that impression.
[project5] is cpu based.
on the other hand the punctuator is gpu based, right?
(person11) uh, no, it it <unintelligible> some some cpu.
(person3) and was it fast enough?
i remember we had some problems with this.
(person11) i think [person20] <unintelligible> fixed it.
(person3) okay, you said, that there was the like the old python virtual environment
and everything got fixed when the virtual environment was recreated.
(person11) ye- yeah.
(person3) yeah, okay.
(person11) but it c- it can run on gpu, i think.
on <unintelligible>.
(person3) uh, okay.
uh, s- uh, so and the punctuator, should we give it also to [organization5], or to someone else?
(person19) <unintelligible>.
(person3) uh, yeah, uh, if i'm not mistaken.
(person19) <unintelligible>.
(person3) yeah.
(person19) well.
(person16) uh, sorry guys, please-
(person3) um-hum?
(person16) that of [organization5], we are um, we have the uh, virtual machine for [organization5] services up and running.
(person3) um-hum.
(person16) if you if you mean um, space, or another virtual machine, or or whatever.
the the only um, uh, open point for me is the uh, gpu configuration.
(person3) um-hum.
(person16) because actually, i i have to ask before, but <laugh> our virtual machine, you know, with the-
(person3) with the gpu, yeah.
(person16) but please, remember, that of course, we are able to-
(person3) um-hum.
(person16) support you.
(person3) yeah.
so we could we could give to to to spread it across the consortium,
we could give the punctuator to [organization11].
<laugh>
(person16) <laugh>
(person19) i mean i mean that's that's also the way to do it.
(person3) yeah.
(person19)  just <unintelligible> like a virtual machine image.
(person3) yeah, yeah.
(person19) you just fire up, an- anyone can fire up, it's not like you have to you have to call-
(person3) yeah.
(person19) like [organization7], get them to run it.
(person3) yeah.
(person19) i i don't know that's easier, but i mean it it's more more (flexible).
(person3) yeah, yeah.
i haven't since i haven't really done it, it's uh, it's hard for me to access, so we-
(person19) i know, i know.
(person3) you know.
uh, okay, so that's good, we know what to do.
i don't know whether we'll manage to have these systems package before the demo,
but hopefully uh, there won't be any power outage an our uh, at our site.
(person19) <laugh>
(person3) <laugh>
so that was the 1 thing, that i've learnt,
that we must not uh, that that we must have uh, rep- replicated uh, components across the site.
and the other very important message, that i've learnt was that we must avoid updating the systems before the demo.
so we should- the the way i've put it is that we should have like a a production system
and a development system, a complete setup.
and the production system has to be stable without any new segmenters, any new updates for a long period of time.
because the whole uh,  pipeline is pretty complex
and the interdepencies interdependencies are are very like uh, the the it's it's sensitive to to all the little details.
so the performance can be immediately killed by introducing a better segmenter,
uh, w- the caching  of which is not in perfect line with caching of of the machine translation system.
(person19) yeah, i mean [person3], you're you're basically asking again you're asking for sort of more professional software setup.
(person3) yep.
(person19) really, you're asking for a staging in a production and development-
(person3) yeah.
(person19)  ranges this kind of thing.
um, and again,  as <laugh> that's also very compatible with things like <unintelligible> with dockerization and-
(person3) yeah.
(person19) and thing the like.
but you know, it it t- takes <unintelligible> to run it, it doesn't-
(person3) yep.
(person19) yep, it does no <unintelligible>.
(person3) yeah.
exactly.
so uh, uh, so maybe, uh, uh, obviously, we are not a software company
and uh, our resources for these are limited.
so i i take all the excuses that you will come up with to in order to avoid uh, this need.
uh, to to put it in our terms, or to put it in our setting,
uh, is the main message, that i would like to ask all the partners
to avoid doing any updates to their workers shortly before the demo.
and shortly means like week or 2 perhaps.
so if you, so we had that we had this like a surge of activity,
when people were really trying to help the demo.
and aside from the the bomb and and power outage it [organization5],
this also put the demo at very big risk.
(person19) um.
(person3) so may be you have not realized it, the demo postponed for other reasons,
but by this this- last m- last day activities um, we could have uh, d- destroyed our- the demo ourselves.
even without the the power outage.
(person19) see, we need to <unintelligible> feature for use, basically.
(person3) yes, yes, exactly.
(person19) yes, yeah.
(person3) uh, so um, and at the same time  uh, we we want to test the uh, the uh, components uh, better components
because i know, that [person14] had something which could be very uh, very promising for the asr, right?
i don't know what is the status of of that.
[person14], uh?
could you have some?-
(person17) but you mean <unintelligible>-
(person3) so i thought -
so you've mentioned uh, the that your submission to iwslt, or paper uh, paper to iwslt.
 uh.
(person17) uh, right now right now that's text (based), still that's right now on- only for the for the mt side.
(person3) um-hum.
(person17) i i hope, we didn't that say 1 year update at the slt.
but it's future research.
(person3) okay.
and what component is that?
is that uh, tec- translation of the uh, of like stream of wor- or?
(person17) to to put it into a into the mediator terms, that would be unsegmented text to text in another language.
(person3) okay, yeah, yeah.
and this works and has a better results.
for in your (machines).
(person17) i have not compared it -
(person3) um-hum.
(person17) directly against.
this against our models, that's something else i need to do.
(person3) yeah.
(person17) but uh, it it works.
(person3) and the current model, that you have -
(person17) i don't know, if it is better.
(person3) is is english to german.
(person17) german to english.
(person3) german to english.
okay.
(person17) but i mean, it's no problem to train it the other way around.
(person3) yeah.
(person17) but german to english 1st <unintelligible> is translation is more interesting directly.
(person3) um-hum.
(person17) because that's one way have we final to not <unintelligible>.
(person3) yeah.
(person17) with language.
(person3) yeah, yeah, yeah.
uh, so this is exactly a candidate for a thing, which if it work an if it was well integrated,
it will be great to to demo it.
but it also is a big risk uh, for for that set up.
so so the way to -
(person17) that is not in this demo.
i mean i i'm -
(person3) yep.
(person17) i <unintelligible> that feel like that is not ready for this demo.
(person3) yeah.
(person17) this there is no worker that does this yet and-
(person3) um-hum.
(person17) the system is like tested under research conditions only.
(person3) yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
that's, that's actually uh, it's it's uh it's specifies me.
because <laugh> i always attempted to put the best features there,
but if you're saying, that this cannot happen for the demo,
then yes, there is less risk, that will break the demo with that.
uh, so uh, what i wanted to say
is that we are finally getting to that like kind of regular testing of the systems integrated in the pipeline,
so that we are- when we are starting a pipeline.
we have lockdirs, which record the outputs, including time stamps.
we have since the iwslt uh, some evaluation.
this is something, that has to be uh, like double-checked.
whether we doing it uh, properly, or whether there're bugs in the in the evaluation uh, implementation,
uh, this all possible.
um, but um, uh, and and we are also working on the [project3] test set.
which uh, will cover further language pairs and and set-ups than the iwslt shared task.
um, and uh, i would uh, like to have this this ladder climbing approach finally starting.
this ladder climbing needs that we'll be regularly testing a new models and new components in the pipeline
and putting all the results into one single table and that will tell us,
what is our current best technology for this particular set-up.
and the fingerprinting uh, is is quite good uh, to separate uh, the versions of the modules.
so that's uh, my idea, that for the demo and other like important things.
we would have frozen fingerprints, and for the research,
there would be also workers, which are not path parts of the path uh, of this frozen fingerprints,
but which are uh, for testing.
and we will be regularly running different set-ups, uh,
and uh, the the frozen fingerprints would be then uh, the thing to demo.
and for uh, the so and we would obviously move uh,
like a research fingerprint to a to a frozen fingerprint, only when we are confident,
that all the components are are stable and they play well together.
so uh, so starting with this uh, big uh, the software engineering uh, request to properly separate diploid versions
and and then the still like the the proper staging of of the systems.
um, um, i'm actually reducing it to the plan of having frozen fingerprints and research fingerprints.
uh, and we need to come up with uh, some form of just a uh, having a (consist) list of this.
so that we know, what is stable and and what is frozen.
uh, yeah, so this is uh, so this this is uh, the the message, that i wanted to uh, to tell you.
but at this point uh, i hope, that uh, uh, that [person1] is on top of this 
and that we know, which uh, fingerprint paths do we want to demo for the various um, input documents.
uh, i'm not going to discuss all that,
we have a uh, a separate um, separate google doc.
uh, now, since uh, a new date for the demo will be uh, found out.
uh, i think we again should start these frequent sessions, where would test this.
so uh, if [person4] could uh, also propose uh, dates for uh, the dry run c- uh, calls for like demo uh, sessions
uh, before the demo.
te- te- test session before demo.
uh, that would be great.
(person13) okay.
(person3) yep.
and uh, uh, in these sessions, we would finalize the fingerprints.
we already have the the documents,
so [person1] has not uh, not filled this yet, but we are in.
for some of the videos we actually have the correct transcripts
uh, and even reference translations uh, for some.
so this would allow us to directly evaluate, which systems are the best.
obviously, this is like a uh, the th- over- overfitting,
this is this is already uh, cheating uh, in terms of um, uh, like showing the real the real performance,
but i think, that uh, we can do in the demo we can do for example the same video uh, presented twice.
once with the like properly devset chosen uh, system
and for the 2nd time uh, using the test uh, set chosen system, which is the the cheating.
and uh, the uh, the reason to uh, uh, to do this uh,
including w- with the knowledge of the reference transcript and reference uh, translations
is to give the viewers and also ourselves uh, a chance to see the relation between the number in the score
and the actually preserved quality.
uh, so this is not a uh, not a r- scientific experiment.
uh, and if we if we say that: „yes, we have chosen the system, the particle configuration,
which works best on this <unintelligible> demo."
it is not also cheating, it's like we acknowledged that.
so uh, please, let me know if you if you are opposed to this approach,
but i think it's uh, it's better for everybody to to know, what is the-
this is <unintelligible> benchmark, how far can we get.
this is not, the not, the not a proper evaluation,
this is what is the best performance that we can deliver, uh, a kind of test.
please, let me know, if you if you had any any problems with uh, with this goal.
of presenting the videos uh, for example twice,
once with the devset chosen system and 2nd time with this test set chosen system.
yeah.
so the main message is that we will have a number of demo uh, dry run sessions again
and the date for the demo will be chosen uh,
and uh, we will choose and freeze um, the the fingerprints for the demo.
okay, so that was enough for the demo.
and now [person8] uh, brought up uh, point, which is which is important.
i've mentioned that already in in the previous call if i'm uh, not mistaken,
but i know, that we have not maken uh, we have not made any steps to that.
(person19) <other_throat_clearing>
(person3) whether we want to make use of the covid crisis to get little time extension,
uh, little or longer time extension uh, of the project.
so i don't know if [person8] is aware any date until we should make our uh, mind.
(person19) i haven't i well, i haven't been in a contact with a project office,
but well, alex told me as that -
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) um, if we um, ask for an extension, i will be <unintelligible> automatically.
(person3) okay.
(person19) um, we make it, the opportunity later.
but maybe it's not so automatic?
(person3) okay.
(person19) but don't quite understand that, so i'm not sure with <laugh> all of that,
but i think, you you saying, you've got an email from a project officer?
(person3) yeah, that was awhile ago and and i haven't (followed) up on that, so.
(person19) yeah, yeah.
yeah.
so i mean that yeah, we should probably response <unintelligible> later.
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) and by now, all of us are kind of- i have to, i've forgot,
all of us are resembling our sort of in term figures.
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) and we can see whether we're understanding,
cause that would be 1 argument for extending.
(person3) yep.
(person19) the deadline.
but i also mentioned this other thing, which isn't really covid related, but-
(person3) yeah.
(person19) we f- we finish the project to december and writing deliverables in december is always-
it's not great, really.
(person3) yeah.
(person19) um, so giving a some month or 2 -
(person3) yeah, yeah.
(person19) to to write the final deliverables -
(person3) um-hum.
(person19) this it's really no harm, even if you know, we are not actually spending much money in that time.
but that sort of using at for different purpose and covid related, but maybe it's okay.
(person3) yeah.
(person2) yeah, we shouldn't we shouldn't tell it that way, we could just say-
(person19) um-hum.
yeah, that's <unintelligible>.
(person2) i i wouldn't i wouldn't be again is like an extension for 3 months or so -
(person3) 3 months.
(person2) <unintelligible>.
(person3) okay.
let's, let's take votes on that.
(person2) but but it <unintelligible> of 1 1 thing uh, 1 year extension, i probably don't see the purpose <other_speech_unrecognizable>.
(person19) <other_speech_unrecognizable>
(person2) what that -
(person19) yeah.
(person2) what that we can <unintelligible> actually.
(person19) yeah, i understood that max <unintelligible> 6 months.
(person3) yeah.
(person19) but i mean that the the consequences the deliverables are delayed,
the final reviews are delayed and i assume, that means the final payment is delayed.
(person3) yeah, that's possible.
(person19) the universities i shouldn't i imagine, there's not a problem
because universities begin after <unintelligible>, but i'm not sure.
the <unintelligible> partners might have a problem, more of a problem with that.
(person3) yeah, so that's a question mainly for [organization10] and [organization11].
would would you help would it help you,
or would it h- would it be bad for you to to ask for 2 or 3 months uh, of extension.
(person13) well, well, um, as developer uh, a little bit of delay uh, i will appreciate it, of course.
(person3) <laugh>
(person13) <laugh>
but i have to ask regarding uh, you know, administrative things and so on.
i don't know.
i have to ask [person13].
(person3) yeah.
okay, so lets uh, lets agree, that by mid next week uh, everybody should f- like fill this table.
uh, by how many months would you like the project to be extended.
you can also say 0.
uh, and any reasons for that.
uh, uh, and we will we'll make a decision.
uh, and let you all know 1st, whether you are fine with the decision.
uh, yeah.
it's hard for me to plan like this much uh, ahead,
so 2 or 3 months sounds good to me and that's that's it.
so uh.
yeah, so that's that's probably what what will be the final result,
that we will ask for 2 or 3 months extension of the uh, of the project.
and we should do it uh, in -
yeah.
until mid- yeah, lets say mid june.
right?
okay, so uh s
<parallel_talk> we will uh, decide uh, on june 8 and ask for the extension before uh,
or what is too soon (10).
this is too soon and ask uh, before june 15th. <parallel_talk>
right?
(person19) um-hum.
(person3) so please, let us know.
uh, okay, then uh, we should have a discussion, a technical call on the iwslt um, uh, results.
and i think that uh, this can be uh, this can happen at the demo dry run sessions as well
because this is all research partners there.
so i think, i still haven't sent you the pdf.
uh, i'm not sure if [person20] has uh, of the final results paper, which will be published at iwslt, obviously.
um, so i'll send you that.
and this is for us to uh, make use of the iwslt shared task to choose the best systems, that we have at at hand
and also to validate, whether we have screwed up the evaluation or whether it is uh, actually correct.
uh, so uh, lets simply- yeah, <parallel-talk> review the methodology uh, uh,
lets use one of the dry run uh, demos uh, sessions for this.
[person3] will send uh, slt findings uh, findings pdf. <parallel_talk>
yeah, okay.
and then, i uh, i've already talked at the beginning with [person2] about iws- uh, iwslt  remote presentation.
so uh, i i said, that [person20] is alr- already starting to prepare slides uh, plus video,
uh, as pre-recorded presentation for the [project3] system paper.
so if you would like uh, to contribute to that, that'll be obviously great.
because you have contributed to the paper as well.
uh, [person20], uh, are you planning to or do already have an overleaf for the slides, or not yet?
(person20) not yet.
(person3) yeah.
so please, send the overleaf link for the slides as as soon as you start with that.
the deadline for the recorded uh, demo is alread- it's the 17th of june
and uh, the idea is that probably [person20] will present uh, that uh, with s- like a s- screen sharing
uh, recorded with uh, little not avatar, but [person20] [person20]s head himself in in the corner of of the slide.
uh, and uh, we will also try to uh, include in this video uh, a demo of the of the system as it is,
uh, live uh, subtitling some of the videos, that w- are planned for demo, for the p- for the project officer anyway.
uh, so in one of these dry run session, we'll also record what what we are delivering
and we'll include it in the uh, in the iwslt uh, presentation.
<parallel_talk> so [person20] will share overleaf uh, uh, anybody uh, welcome to contribute. <parallel_talk>
[person20], do we know, that we need the contribution from uh, someone?
like that we don't understand, what's in the paper uh?-
<laugh>
(person20) um, i i think it's okay.
(person3) yeah.
yeah, okay.
so that's seems like uh, we're at the end of of the agenda.
that will be great.
so if you don't have any other questions, or comments,
then i think, everybody should now be uh, pretty busy with uh, write up of the deliverables.
uh, and we'll we'll have call, so or like urgent calls <laugh> if anything is uh, is wrong,
but otherwise, i think w- we are doing good.
uh, a number of doodle pools is to come uh, for the uh, for offering the slots to the project officer, for the demo
and for the regular dry run sessions, where we will also sort out the technical uh,
or discuss the technical uh, things, we've learnt from iwslt submission.
okay, so we're great.
(person13) okay.
(person3) thanks to everybody.
that was very uh, effective i'm, i'm happy and let's let's proceed like that for the rest of the project.
<laugh>
(person13) <laugh>
(person19) yeah, thank you.
<laugh>
(person3) <laugh>
thank you.
bye, bye.
(person12)thank you, bye, bye.
(person2) thank you.
(person13) bye guys.
(person8) bye.
(person13) bye, bye.
(person19) bye.
(person3) bye.
