[person13] ok.

so welcome, i told [person5] so that in-, include, join our, um, [project2], um, project, um, because currently he is working on survey about, um, about getting sim card, <unintelligible> sim card, eh, from transformers, from <unintelligible> neural network so this, um, this is connected our book.

so maybe you could, you could participated our boot, um, as, book as well.

and maybe you, you could write some this, some of the sections, i think.

and these one section is i-, you could write the-, these one section for, for my attentions and he can, he can talk with [person8] so that he could, you could have in this, because he is working, um, he i-, he´s survey, survey would be about, um, the probing, um, the syntactic probing of [person1], [person6] and <unintelligible> papers.

so maybe, um, you could invite him as well to the, to write in the book.

and at least you should, you could read, read the book and criticised our book and tell us what is missing and what is, um, is on.

so i, if, if you agree so i would, i would, i would end.

[person4] cool.

[person13] ok.

so, so let´s go on agenda.

first we have accepted paper to [other8], to [project5].

um, so i, i read the reviews.

they are very good.

unlike two, two reviews are like the default rewievs.

[person8] hm.

[person13] that one review is like only one.

[person8] hm.

[person13] and, so, um, where is the deadline for, for [other2]?

[person8] um, friday.

[person13] this friday?

[person8] oh, no, next monday.

next.

<laugh>

i thought, yeah.

like we have to do it this week anyway about.

ok.

is june 15th.

[person10] june 15th.

yes, it´s monday.

[person13] that´s someone from us need to be registred there.

[person8] yes.

and somebody from us just to be registred.

[person13] <unintelligible>.

it is online?

the conference that or?

[person8] um, this say that the default is online and they will see if there will be some real participation as well or not.

[person13] yes.

[person10] in [location3].

[person13] yes, if it is in [location3].

[person10] yes.

[person13] so yes.

so someone should, um, registred.

someone of you two.

[person8] yes.

i don´t no if has student discounts.

[person10] they do.

unfortunately.

so if you want to side money -

<laugh>

i will <unintelligible>.

[person13] <unintelligible> money on, on our <unintelligible>.

so if [person8] wants to go to [location3]?

[person8] says, we want participation expected as default.

and they say, as the situation this september cannot be easily predicted, they have decided to choose virtual as the default option.

bla, bla, bla, bla, bla.

semi-virtual organization will be considered but as an optional addont.

so probably will be on the virtual.

um, yes, i can register.

[person13] ok.

so you, you, you are registered, all right.

[person8] you know, how it works?

like to be payed by card it or transfer or?

[person13] um, last year for [project5] you say, should write to [person3] and you should wait like for whole [organization1] once.

[person8] ok.

full participant, <unintelligible> participation is 5000 [other4].

[person10] hm.

[person8] also <unintelligible> for conference, that doesn´t <unintelligible>.

[person10] yeah, interesting.

last year it cost 10000 and it was in [location1] with -

<laugh>

conference dinner and conference trip to the seaside so...

<laugh>

[person8] yeah.

[person10] that doesn´t really seem propotional.

[person8] and when i was on [project5], the lunch is there also covered?

[person10] yes.

[person13] lunch is covered.

[person10] lunch was last year too.

[person8] hm, hm, hm.

[person13] and sees the exclusion to the, to the present were very active.

[person5] i don´t no, what is in [location3].

<laugh>

[person13] [other3].

[person8] ok.

so i will try to register today and should be soon enough.

[person10] ok.

and should we set up meeting between you and we or you and me and [person13] to athers the rewievs?

[person13] yeah, maybe we can.

[person8] yeah, yeah.

do you want to take part?

[person13] yeah, i can take part.

and we, we can do it, nothing to <unintelligible> today afternoon or?

[person10] ok.

[person8] today i have one more meeting and i have to prepare for it.

or, yeah, <unintelligible> too long should 1 p.m. and i have a call at 4 p.m.

i think, i should prepare for it.

[person13] ok, so we can do it like the other -

[person8] yes.

[person10] tomorrow?

[person13] at tomorrow?

[person8] are you tomorrow here?

[person13] i am going with [person4] to [location5].

[person8] and then here -

[person10] then, then i have dovolená.

<laugh>

what it say dovolená in english?

[person8] holiday.

[person10] holiday.

ok.

anyway, holiday tomorrow and the day after tomorrow but i´m incomming the day after tomorrow.

[person8] i have holiday on friday.

<laugh>

[person13] aha.

and also is they, i have meeting with [person12].

but it´s not, it´s, yeah, it´s in the afternoon so if, if you can on morning?

<laugh>

[person8] we can just with on monday.

<laugh>

[person13] before, before lunch.

<laugh>

<unintelligible> monday.

<laugh>

[person8] there, there we will have to <unintelligible> much about the paper and -

[person13] yeah, i think there, yeah.

[person10] yeah, only -

[person8] yeah.

[person13] ok.

[person8] monday seems ok.

[person13] ok, monday.

[person8] i have no holiday and -

[person13] maybe on, ne, on monday i am not here.

[person8] ah.

[person13] i can to go to -

[person8] yeah.

[person13] to the <unintelligible>.

[person8] ok.

so there is no good option.

<laugh>

um, to we can too do it today.

and i can just, yeah, be unprepared for the meeting as usual.

<laugh>

[person13] i think it will be fast.

so today after, after that.

[person8] so after <unintelligible>.

[person13] yeah, after lunch.

[person8] yeah.

this is, you´re saying lunch or lonch?

[person13] after lunch.

[person8] cause after the lunch there should be the official whatever.

[person13] ah, the official <unintelligible>.

[person8] i don´t now.

<laugh>

yeah, we don´t really now what it will be like.

<laugh>

[person13] yeah.

how will <unintelligible>

[person8] <unintelligible>.

[person13] so let´s do it to go there.

[person8] we told need to, we don´t now is we reload to.

<laugh>

we don´t now what´s going to happen there.

<laugh>

so we will just wait and see what happens.

if there is free food and we can go <unintelligible>.

<laugh>

[person13] ok.

[person8] ok, so let´s meet in afternoon today.

seems this ist.

[person13] ok.

[person10] we have waited to weekend just decided who will <unintelligible> what away.

[person8] hm.

[person10] we don´t have to write it right now.

[person13] jo, jo, jo.

yeah, it only go trough the, go trough the rewievs and decide what, what, what is new to <unintelligible>.

jo.

ok.

yeah.

the next point -

ok, so that [person5] could have <unintelligible> section in the book, in our book.

so, um, maybe i, i can talk it about, about section o attentions and maybe we, we can talk it trough.

i want to somehow, we can talk and maybe you, you, you do give [person5] as well.

um, yesterday <unintelligible>.

[person5] um, yeah like about, um, his paper and i could <unintelligible> some papers <unintelligible>.

[person13] yeah, before starting talking about the book, um, um, ok, when the -

because the paper was to [project5] was accepted so we also all what we have promised for the [organization3] we almost have.

what is missing is the book and one long paper, um, but, um, yeah, it can be a [project8] paper, vision deadline july 1st.

it, um, so the next month.

[person8] yeah, it will be problem with writing of [project8] paper but it not really related to, um, [project2].

[person13] yeah, i, i have one more paper whitch was not accepted to acl, um, i, i was working on that in [location4] and, um, the results are not, um, not very good so maybe i could, i could, i could, um, push it to, push the paper to the, to the [project8]-, [project8] so that´s, it´s somewhere.

it could be black box paper as well, so yeah, i, i will decide and i will talk to, with <unintelligible> on [location4] <unintelligible>, they would like to have this paper in, in [project8].

<laugh>

and because, yeah, we, we need one, one more jurnal paper so if we have nothing and...

[person8] hm, hm.

[person10] is, is deadline the last, deadline -

[person13] the next deadline is, the deadlines are in the, um, two, two jurnals <unintelligible> and one dedline as on like january and the other is june.

[person10] yes, so this is, this is the last one.

[person13] july.

so in this year this is the last one.

so that it is, so that is it.

[person8] and [project4] doesn´t count or?

[person13] [project4], the, i promised three -

[person8] hm.

[person13] um, three papers on big confe-, conferences or type d, which is, um, [project4] or [project5] or this which is indexed by [project1] or [other5].

[person8] so this is already -

[person13] this is already done because we have one paper from [project4] and other from [project5] and now that this one is, yeah.

<laugh>

for [project5] as well.

yeah, so we have three, three papers type d, we have no papers so far like [other7] or [project7].

so maybe we will have but we don´t know yeat but -

[person8] hm.

[person13] yeah, this three conference papers are already, we already have.

and i promise two jurnal paper and now we have only one so far so...

[person8] hm.

[person13] but, but i think that the, the paper, the [location4] paper could, could go there to the <unintelligible> so, so problem we can, we can do it to archive and [project8] so that someone can read it.

ok, so now the book.

so maybe we can, everyone can say what, what was done the last week.

[person10] well i started working yesterday and i, i only written one paragraph and half which i haven´t pushed yet, so it´s not there.

but i´m really starting to getting to it and also i am done with teaching this semester so i will just work on the book from nowone so -

[person13] <unintelligible>.

[person10] so i was mostly over-, overnight i was mostly like getting back to what´s where and what i, i need organize things.

but i started writing and i expect there to be more written today and on thursday and definitely on friday.

[person13] hm.

ok, so, so [person8], um -

[person8] yeah, um, so -

[person13] <unintelligible> structure.

[person8] yeah, so i managed to, to start working so maybe the mainly i was doing what [person10] was doing so getting back to work but, um, i, i was restructuring the, the chapter so it´s lot of mess, um, but i started adding some information from some papers that, that was, was not there yet.

so i added, i don´t now like one or two pages.

[person13] you mean in, in the section six or chapture six?

[person8] yeah, yeah somewhere in chapture six.

[person13] yeah.

[person8] yeah.

and, yeah, so now i´m trying to structure the <unintelligible>, yeah, to all the, um, modules chaptures some morfology so what they say, what morfology is captured and how will it is captured and there is no big difference between the individual models so, um.

then, um, i want go into in so much details about the models and some of the information i have there has to be like merged together and, and restructured and, and some information has to be added so i´m working on it.

and i think this week i should have some time to, to do it again.

and some of the things removed into the, what is it, notable models or how we called it?

[person13] yeah, what is section three.

[person8] yeah, yeah.

[person13] or two?

three.

[person8] so, so in notable models there is now a bit of rubbish because there is something that i just moved from my chapture but they were not finished even when they were in my chapture and now they moved to different chapture so it will see <unintelligible>.

um, yeah, i don´t no who, who is responsible for the chapture?

if, if [person4] will write it or whose wr-

[person4] yes, i will.

i´m actually half, half through it right, right now.

[person8] hm.

[person4] just before the meeting i, i, i pushed, i pushed somethind and, and that´s like a first half of the chapture and, and the second half i probably use something of, of what you copy there and delete work so just half you, you had from the chapture probably so <unintelligible>.

[person8] yeah, yeah, yeah.

that´s, i think that´s ok.

so, so i, so my take is ok?

i don´t have to care about, um, notable models and you will just delete my stuff and everything will be fine.

<laugh>

[person4] you can rely this, yeah.

<laugh>

[person8] cool.

<laugh>

yeah, i will to <unintelligible> to some preface, i think it looks nice.

[person13] preface?

yeah, i, i, preface to the book?

[person8] yeah.

[person4] um, i don´t think it looks nice but it´s at least something that you can criticize and, and re-, rewrite.

i thought it´s, it´s very to have something that we can start with then, then have lorem ipsum.

<laugh>

[person13] ok, great.

[person10] nice.

[person13] i´m reading it on, should i continue?

<laugh>

maybe, yeah, we will, we will read on the <unintelligible> and then commented.

yeah, what i was doing?

um, i was mainly, um, changig the chapture, um, the section about, about, um, where it is, different attention heads and transformers, different, different styles or different...

right, yeah, i write some, some figures from our, from our paper but till i´ve no, i did, i did the attention head into many, many like many templates, or not templates, many styles like attending to the same position, attending to the adjustement position but they are no styles nonvertical, mix style there is something vertical and are balustrades which are, which only appears in, in nation, um, in a [project6] but it should be there and the block which, um, li-, like two, two squares in the, in the visualisation with, whitch mainly are, um, in [project3].

there are more than one sentence at the input and the othere types of heads.

and but i have only some of the visualisation because only, only some of there were in our experiment with [person8] so i will need to, to generate, um, to get the, get the same or the similar metrices from the, um, from the [project3] as well so i, i´m planning to, um, to -

maybe you already have something?

[person5] i don´t have, <unintelligible> [person8] want to.

[person13] yeah, but, yeah.

like the sim-, the similary not just decide <unintelligible>.

[person5] <unintelligible> in, in this color.

[person13] yeah, it should, maybe the color should be changed because it would be better to have it like the <unintelligible> to be white to that the lines are visible there, um, so let the i will changed it and i will (regenerated) maybe more, more to the on [project3] as well so could be can compared, um, better.

and i would like to, this is, this is, um, figure about, um, how different types of heads, um, the type propotion in a blue, blue task but this is copied from, from my paper by covered up but i would like to have similar, um, similar, um, graphs for, um, for, for [project6] and other thigs as well so i, i would like work about days and -

so this is about like different attention head types in, in transformers like in, mainly in [project6] and in [project3] and on and, um, then it should continue by the section with, um, getting syntax from, from the self attention heads or getting syntax, yeah, getting syn-, syntax from self attention heads and then that is something could [person5] is going to write in his survey as well.

[person5] hm.

[person13] so maybe we can, we can share this section, um, um, somehow.

to that we write it only once and no twice.

[person5] yeah.

[person13] so far there are only some, i don´t -

[person8] <unintelligible> in better states probably [person5] can now work with you on the attentions because my chapture is, is a real nice so i think it would be hard to introducing you <unintelligible> now.

<laugh>

[person13] ok.

so we can, we can -

yeah.

for now we can work with [person5] with, um, these, um, lend getting syntax from attention metrices only, from attention heads and yeah, i if only some, some papers and some notes to each of the paper when there are, there were doing something like something grated.

and yeah, so this is, this is how to get like the relations and then i have a section about really inference of syntax trees based on the, based on the attention.

and it is, it is something very similar on these, this we´re we get the same paper, papers cited so...

so on these two chapt-, um, sections i would work with [person5] and yeah, there, yeah, about two papers or maybe more papers about highly head-, <unintelligible> attention heads which is still missing and then, um, some papers about that att-, attention heads are not interpretable on why, there are not or why it should be interpretable.

so i haven´t continue with this, this week so but i would like to finish it somehow, maybe i will, yeah...

[person8] let´s go so moving forward now.

<laugh>

[person13] sorry?

[person8] we´re moving forward now like in, in the past weeks it was -

[person13] yeah, th-, this is from the, from the past weeks.

this is for, from the past week i, i already written so do you so -

[person8] hm.

[person13] what i did the last week it was only the (led) to these pictures.

[person8] hm, hm, hm.

[person13] um, these, this -

[person4] so [person13], wha-, from what you, what you have written, what is, what is cohere and unfinished enough that, that you would like to be at some feedback on?

[person13] um -

<laugh>

i think that, um, but you already went trough this, um, somehow trough this, um, types of attention heads, so i, i, i have changed it somehow, there are very small text and i added the figures it, it is -

yeah, it is cohere but it´s the missing the end like the discussion at the end of this, um, of this, um, paragraph at least and some pictures are missing still.

[person4] ok.

[person13] so i would like to regenerate and show more examples not only from [project6] but also from [project3] so, um...

[person4] alright.

[person13] so i´ve added something but it´s more coherened but it still, yeah, changed somehow if you try to post so yeah.

[person4] and it´s, it´s question for, for, for everyone.

it´s there anything you would like me to read?

[person10] not yet.

but i will, i expect to send you, um, something by the end of the week.

[person4] alright.

[person13] yeah, i could also sen-, um, let you know when, when this is the, this, um, the, this section is finished so that you can read it.

[person4] hm, cool.

[person13] and, and, yeah, we are in the book.

i, i still dream that we could have it somehow at the end of at june in some share <unintelligible> which is readable and we passed it to the reviewers.

um, but, yeah, maybe i don´t ask someone if, if you can, if we don´t manage it by, by the end of june what we should do but, um, i don´t want to do it now because when we know that the deadline is postponed we will not do anything so, um -

[person4] um, what about the reviewers?

do we know, um, who will get the reviewers?

so are we supposed to get the reviewers?

so how does it work?

[person13] um, maybe we should, we should, um, we can, we can, um, specified what reviewers we would like -

[person4] hm.

[person13] and about that we have to talk with, i will, i will, i will write to, to [person7] to -

i, i already talk with him and he said that, yeah, we will do it somehow and we will find someone, someone, somebody but, um, -

[person4] and how there informed requirements?

like, like does it have to be someone whose at least a professor and then someone whose from, from other institution or whether <unintelligible>.

[person13] i figured they, they need to be from, from the other, outside this, outside this building, not on the this building, outside -

<laugh>

<unintelligible> building, maybe out, yeah, someone not from our university.

at least not from our faculty.

[person8] yeah.

[person4] ok.

[person13] yeah, so if we have nothing to the book, um, yeah.

we still have, we will have like more money on, on this grant because, because, um, we had like 40, 50000 on conferences and i don´t know how much we will spend -

[person8] hm.

[person13] because it will be 5000 for [project5] only and -

[person8] hm.

[person13] um, [person5] is writing a survey maybe to [project4] or maybe or it will be maybe <unintelligible> better text it maybe it should go to some better place than [project4] only.

[person8] yeah.

[person13] or it can be, yeah.

[person8] i think [project8] is better then [project4].

[person10] hm.

[person13] i don´t know.

if you want -

[person5] <unintelligible> because you wanted to -

[person13] yeah.

[person5] i don´t have profit <unintelligible>.

[person13] but you don´t need to -

[person5] so it´s also the reason.

[person13] money you don´t need to have to <unintelligible> and now so it´s not -

[person8] hm.

[person13] it´s only if you, if you want to go to [location7].

<laugh>

[person8] maybe it will be virtual as well so -

[person13] sorry?

[person8] it´s possible it will be virtual anyway.

[person13] it´s possible it will be virtual anyway so, um...

it´s up to you.

[person8] hm.

[person13] but i would, if to, if the survey´s really goog i think it could be better to send it to better, better place, better, better, better conference then black box, then [project4].

[person8] (where does) the black box (take place) this year?

[person13] yeah.

[person8] yeah.

and what´s the deadlines?

i don´t know when.

[person13] the deadline is, it was posponed to the middle of august.

[person8] hm.

[person13] so that it is, the deadline is after the notification of [project7].

[person8] ah.

[person13] so if you, if you resend it from [project7] to black box you trough had the reveiw-, the, the reviews there.

[person8] hm.

[person13] so that make it, make it faster or if it is, yeah, if it was very good on [project7] but not accepted, the, the accepted like august automatically to black box.

[person8] hm.

[person13] maybe.

something like this.

so they, they, they will see only the reviews and it´s ok.

[person8] hm.

[person13] <unintelligible>.

i don´t know.

[person8] hm, hm, hm.

[person13] so deadline is <unintelligible> the conference is november or?

[person8] the [project7] should be in november.

[person13] in november.

than it maybe if physically if, if -

[person8] i think [project7] is officialy virtualised.

[person4] yeah.

[person13] it´s, it´s virtualised as well.

so black box would by virtualised as well.

[person8] yeah.

[person13] everything is virtualised.

[person8] i think the [project7] all-, allready did decision like, like -

[person13] ah, ok.

[person8] it will be <unintelligible> virtual.

[person4] but we want missed the [location6].

it will be there in, in 2021.

[person8] in the, the picture like of the location so it´s just <unintelligible>.

<laugh>

[person13] ah, ok, ok.

yeah, ok.

<laugh>

<unintelligible> is [location6].

<laugh>

[person10] ok, so [location6] is next year?

[person8] yeah.

[person10] ok, so...

<laugh>

i should like start think about some really good -

<laugh>

to get there.

<laugh>

[person13] so i, i think [person5] where, where you have it finished we will decide where to -

[person5] hm.

[person13] to, um, submited for [project4] because [project4] is only, um, like it´s a conference like that i don´t know what people <unintelligible> will be, um, um, like it will be all from, from all the fields of informatics so maybe they will not understand much of <unintelligible> much discussed if you this, this <unintelligible>.

[person5] hm.

[person13] they´re writing about so it´s only if you want to go to [location7] and it´s the other <unintelligible> have but i don´t know maybe it will be virtualised as well so -

[person8] yeah.

they said it, that there is possible it will be virtualised and they´re waiting to see.

definitely that there will be an option to participate remotely because they expect maybe some people want be able to travel.

[person5] hm.

[person8] ah -

[person10] that make no sense to participate remotely.

[person8] yeah.

[person13] yeah, it, it make only that you will have one point, um, in [project1] but it´s -

[person5] hm.

[person8] hm, hm, hm.

[person13] we don´t need it, we don´t need it fort a grant.

[person8] hm.

[person13] anymore.

so because we have already 3, 3 points.

[person8] hm, hm.

[person13] so, um -

[person8] ok and [location7] is nice so if it´s physicall then -

[person13] yeah, if it´s fysicall it´s, it will be nice so...

[person5] yeah, i think have try to send it there an older <unintelligible>.

because <unintelligible> so i need to send <unintelligible>.

[person8] <unintelligible> soon, right.

[person13] it´s before the deadline for the book so...

[person8] yeah, abstract submission is june 15th so it´s on monday and then there is one more week for weekend.

[person13] yeah there for, yeah.

[person8] yeah, so -

[person13] yeah.

it´s, it´s like <unintelligible>.

<laugh>

any papers.

[person5] there, there´s some i don´t know they have some i don´t-

[person8] yeah, they say weekend -

[person5] understand <unintelligible> whether -

[person8] hm.

[person5] <unintelligible> second type of paper -

[person8] yeah, i don´t think they will have a (hartch) number of papers so -

[person13] yeah, i supposed they will have like three papers at most so -

[person8] yeah.

<laugh>

[person13] so it is, it is only like, um, <unintelligible> conference.

[person8] hm, hm.

<laugh>

[person13] so only if you want.

[person8] yeah.

yeah, they haven´t special overview (track) but it will not be included in the proceedings.

[person5] yeah, so -

[person8] hm, hm, hm.

<laugh>

so there is even less reason to -

<laugh>

submit -

[person5] yeah, yeah, if it is -

[person13] yeah, it gonna be.

yeah.

if it doesn´t inquiry proceedings and if it is like not physically.

<laugh>

[person5] it´s like two options.

because overviews like overview was for (alter) like <unintelligible> on words, the past or like.

[person8] hm, hm.

[person5] yeah.

if it´s not accepted for regular paper that -

[person8] hm.

[person5] <unintelligible> foreign.

[person13] yeah, yeah.

so if, if to be <unintelligible> to -

[person8] hm.

and, and definitely you can, you can withdraw so they say, yeah, if you cross submit you must withdraw before submitting <unintelligible> diversion and <unintelligible> you <unintelligible> is all this twelwe.

[person5] hm.

[person13] so but it´s before the black box for example.

but -

[person8] hm.

[person5] [other6] accept surveys?

[person13] i think it past.

[person8] i don´t know.

i <unintelligible>.

but -

<laugh>

hm.

[person13] so, so let, let´s write it somehow and you will see and written how the paper is written some nice thing so that we could submitted to like other place than [project4], black box.

[person5] hm.

[person13] it is virtual but -

[person5] yeah.

[person13] yeah.

[person5] for now i think i will try to [project4] and, and then <unintelligible> from to, to send where and...

<unintelligible> haven´t ready in june.

[person13] ok.

um, so i think ours, yeah, [project4] have...

so yeah, there, there are to, there will be problem when somebody left in, in our grant so i will need to use it.

i will need to go trough, trough all the mails i´ve, i´ve get from [organization3] and see what i can do with the, with this money but we can buy something on equipement or i, i -

[person8] yeah, we can buy some equipement.

it would be nice.

[person13] yes.

<laugh>

but i afraid, afraid it´s not possible.

[person8] hm.

[person13] so we will be, we can, we can move, transfering money to the, um, um, the salaries but we all, but i don´t know where you can introducing you, um, new people to our project.

[person8] hm.

[person13] so it <unintelligible>.

[person8] hm.

[person13] i could, i could, but we, we have always like the survey like (sixtate) 60000 so <unintelligible> like for -

but yeah, for [person5] to introducing to this for couple of months.

[person8] yeah.

[person13] that i don´t <unintelligible>.

so i, i <unintelligible>.

[person8] i think yeah.

i think it is possible and would be the best option.

but there is some kind of this, this, this is somehow interact with the, the ph.d. money he gets so you want that all money -

[person13] ah.

[person8] anyway.

[person13] yeah.

so -

[person8] but you will get some of the money like it´s i think if you get some, some salary so -

[person13] i think if you get -

[person8] half of it -

<parallel_talk>

so i think half of it the salary you get and half of the salary just typicall the <unintelligible> of the ph.d. money so...

[person13] so we would then -

he would got more money then.

[person8] so yeah, yeah, yeah.

[person13] because half, half of, of the -

[person8] yeah, yeah.

[person13] would be.

[person8] so you always get more money if you <unintelligible> for money.

[person13] yeah.

[person8] that it´s say in this, in this -

[person13] yeah, only half of it.

[person8] i think it´s somethig like that.

yeah.

[person13] yeah.

[person5] i don´t understand any of that.

[person8] yeah, it´s -

<laugh>

yeah, it´s several things interacting so if -

<laugh>

but -

yeah, it makes sence.

it´s probably the least, least wasteful way of spending the money on.

[person13] paper (ready) send the money are only for, for this year.

[person8] hm, hm.

[person13] i don´t know how it will be the next year <unintelligible> get less money because this, this other finished and you -

[person8] i can ask [person2] if -

[person13] yeah, yeah, i will, i will ask [person2] and money how would be <unintelligible> some reason.

[person8] yeah.

so in this case maybe for [person5] it would be best if you concentrate the money you can give him to as little time as possible because it is some ceilings so -

<laugh>

so if you like give him all the money in one month so he will get lot of money.

but if you distributed so all of it will be cut away.

<laugh>

[person13] aha, it is in such -

[person8] i think.

but...

<unintelligible>.

[person13] you can, <unintelligible>.

it is, it could be the same.

[person8] um, first thing you have to figured out if you -

[person13] yeah.

[person8] you can introduce new person to, to the grant.

[person13] <unintelligible>.

[person8] yeah.

[person4] also, um, bonuses are not allowed to be paied right now because of the, because of the corona crises.

[person13] yeah.

[person4] but that was the decision of the whole university.

[person13] yeah.

[person8] yeah.

i heard something like that, um, i just realized i gots like twice the, um, twice my salaries.

<laugh>

i don´t know if really matters.

[person13] we cannot pay bonuses.

<laugh>

[person8] i always see some bonuses right now -

<laugh>

so probably it´s not that, that serious.

<laugh>

[person13] yeah.

[person8] i don´t know.

[person10] i also got more money than usual.

[person8] yeah.

[person10] this month.

<laugh>

strange.

[person13] so it, it cannot be spend for, for bonuses.

the money cannot be spend, we, yeah, we can buy some stationary and i don´t know.

like, but...

[person8] so you think it´s, it´s not for like my account shore, a [other1] or -

[person13] i, i will need to, yeah, go trough the, the papers and see what is, what is possible.

[person8] hm.

[person13] but i think they only, the only transfering money from one, um, or from some travelling to salaries or something.

[person8] so, so in the budget you have no, no money for investing -

[person13] no.

no.

[person8] anything, some...

and it´s like not allowed in [organization3] at all or we just need ask for it?

[person13] yeah.

i will, i will <unintelligible> that what´s allowed.

[person8] ok.

[person13] but it would.

[person8] yeah, you can ask anyway.

maybe they will always <unintelligible>.

<laugh>

in our -

[person13] nots, not to buying like -

it was not allowed to buy some computers or this things.

[person8] hm, hm.

[person13] maybe for, for physics they can, they can buy do -

[person8] hm, hm.cv

[person13] like i don´t know what.

<unintelligible>.

[person8] <unintelligible> with <unintelligible> there was <unintelligible> situation that people said, you shouldn´t buy computers from (gau) and now it seems that this is allowed.

[person13] hm.

[person10] yeah.

i don´t know if it´s [organization2] for [organization3] but, um, [person7] bought the computer that i am now using for some grant.

[person8] hm.

[person13] i think it was [organization2].

yeah, it for ga-, <unintelligible> -

[person8] <unintelligible> finished.

so he doesn´t have a [organization2] now if he is not a student anymore.

<laugh>

[person10] well the -

[person13] but if -

[person10] he bought the computer some time ago.

[person8] ok.

[person13] but it is not like investiční náklady, it is the, um, the other, the other thing.

it is, it is cost less than, um, for, for 40000 [other4] or something.

[person8] hm.

[person10] i wouldn´t be sure about that.

[person8] hm.

i think for, um, i think we have a limit for 1000 for -

well, it is above 1000 you have to get the special number from <unintelligible>.

[person13] yeah.

yeah, but it´s something, yeah, but it´s something different thing.

[person8] hm.

[person4] what, what [person7] computers it was, um, it was a strange situation because he got a confirmation from, um,[person11] cluster is no, not able to accomodate more [other1] at that time so, so he bought a laptop what, what the strong [other1] that, that was to the region he was allowed to, to buy it from [organization2].

because it-, it´s not a computer, it´s officialy equipement like if you are fysic or something like that.

[person8] ok.

<laugh>

[person10] cool.

[person13] but anyway if he, if he will pay for, um, all the, the <unintelligible> for [project7] or for black boxes to, to we will not end up with much more -

[person8] hm.

[person13] money.

[person8] yeah.

we will only knowing what?

july, august?

when is the -

[person13] august.

[person8] notification?

[person13] august i think.

beginning of august.

[project7] notification in the <unintelligible> august.

then is the black box deadline and black box notification is like september i think.

[person8] hm, hm.

yeah.

so we have suddenly -

[person13] so anyway we will -

[person8] <unintelligible> money left in september, it will be hard to, to use it anyway cause -

[person13] yeah.

[person8] to buying like computer equipement you have to go trough some formal process or whatever.

[person13] yeah.

so, so anyway we, we will know -

[person8] hm.

[person13] on september -

[person8] hm, hm, hm.

[person13] how many money, how much money we have.

and how much money we will use for, for a book.

[person8] hm, hm.

[person13] printing the books and that so.

ok.

so...

<laugh>

[person8] yeah, we got a mail from [person7] that we can come to the official event, um, um, like i really not all of us but we can come.

<laugh>

and -

[person13] you mean all of us here in [location2]?

or, or <unintelligible>?

[person8] <unintelligible> message from [person4] who got the message from [person7] who got the message from [person9].

<laugh>

<unintelligible> says that we can come but i really not all of us but we can come.

i don´t know what does it mean all of us.

but not all of us are here today anyway.

<laugh>

and if somebody doesn´t want to let us in so we should say that, that, yeah, it´s, um, deal with [person7] and [person9].

<laugh>

[person10] good, [person9].

[person8] he´s some pr person.[person10] oh, yeah.

i remember.

ok.

<laugh>

[person8] so maybe there is some food if, if -

<laugh>

if there is a chance to they wouldn´t let us in so maybe -

<laugh>

there is a food.

<laugh>

and maybe we don´t have do <unintelligible>.

<laugh>

[person10] hm.

[person13] ok, so we can -

yeah.

we can end this meeting so...

[person10] yeah, i ha-
