(person2) the papers can- also the presentations, can be pre-recorded, but uh, then podcast um, at an european time zone time slot (attend, attend) us time zone time slot and then you have to be available for a questions i guess to in that time.
(person3) oh, that is strange because independently, [person20] has received a request from the main organizers to prepare a video for his- well, the [project3] submission and- (person2) okay, then- yeah, that's 2, so we- there was a selection process, which ones to select for- (person3) okay.
but i i guess, that would be to very <unintelligible> with - (person3) to (file) <unintelligible> but that was too quick for uh, for the decision and he had to uh, respond immediately.
uh, i don't know about about your your institutions, at our institutions, we normally can provide the final numbers at the earliest like 2 weeks or 3 weeks after the respective month has ended.
and since the 1st period, which we are reviewing end with june, we cannot have the official numbers from our part earlier then in mid july, or towards the end of july.
uh, so that it we would get an estimate from you  um, uh, and we would also like double check that you are sending as the numbers, that we understand uh, and uh, that we can put it together and that everything makes sense already before the uh, the final dates.
and uh, we will review those, that we have received and please, be ready to to have the final versions of these, which includes june um, spendings um, in mid july, or late july.
and from that point, uh, until the end of august, we have to finalize it and send it as as 1 of the report, or maybe (fill) it in uh, in the online system, so that the eu knows.
(person12) okay, great we will we will tell the - we have 1 1 person in our finance department, who was responsible for the e- european stuff, so we all european projects will talk to <unintelligible> she will come back to us.
uh, so it could uh, thanks for volunteering, i'm i'm searching for uh, the appropriate uh-huh, appropriate <unintelligible>, but it's- i have to see it elsewhere, so that i don't disturb in my office and that's pretty annoying.
so uh, if you haven't done so yet, please, make sure to enter all your dissemination activities remote, or in person, which obviously was limited, into the continuous reporting table.
so about the- about the workshop, uh, i suggest, that we actually say, that more details are in this separate deliverable, the 7.2. because the workshop actually did not take place.
(person3) what the preparations were, when dids any dry run sessions happen, what was the planned content of the workshops, or the like the the workshop as package is essentially ready.
(person8) so only if you went- if you were attending a conference, i think, we have put it here, but otherwise if we just were, well, if there was a paper we- (person19) i i understood, that some kind of semi-automated system for getting papers and the eu units open (ira) or something like that.
so we'll we'll check the open air uh, thing and we'll check how the the uses that um- it's possible, i remember that in the past projects, such as in <unintelligible>, you've asked us for bibtech entries uh, of the papers.
so [person21], please make sure that we we do it, that we examine like what has to be done, and we'll let you know in a week or 2 uh, in what format we need your papers.
so maybe, if we figure out the official format better, then uh, we can ask you for the appropriate format right away, or possibly, if your universities have uh, a system, which already handles these papers, then it may get to open - i don't really know what open air is.
i'm not going to open the overleafs now, but you have the overleaf links here, and uh, all the main authors responsible sites know, what uh, what is the status uh, of each of these deliverables.
uh, uh, so one thing, which is still not fully clear to me, is that this uh- we will write the report the the the 7.2 uh, uh, about all the preparations uh, and stating that the workshop has actually not taken place.
but uh, uh, [person6] also said, that they are proposing a partial report for milestones because they are also associated milestones, um, uh, and uh, these milestones normally do not have report.
i'm still waiting for the all-clear report and  with a all uh, service have come up successfully again, some of the uh, file service, we are still doing file system checks, but it looks like we should be back to operation walls.
so uh, there is still the risk, that every- that something will will fail, but i think that it is now good time to uh, to ask for the uh, date, uh, for the new date with the project officer, right?
and let's give them the- uh, i'm pushing this earlier as because like we are getting quite far into june, since there would be again some delay, 1 day until they decide, what they what they they would prefer.
yeah, so that's- uh, if if we send uh, [person6] the options uh, very early next week, then uh, the choices validate from uh, the uh, 2nd half of june would make sense.
i mean, i i know dockers're p- not perfect and sometimes you get a docker and you can get it to run, but if we gonna have have this this architects, we have all each different components to in different things.
(person3) yeah, so we will so we will investigate what exactly can we do and we'll try to package our systems and get back to [person8] and uh, and also [person14] for for this system.
and uh, i think, that it would make sense uh, if uh, if we made sure, that the asr systems could be run at [organization5] and the translation systems in [organization7].
(person19) <laugh> (person3) <laugh> so that was the 1 thing, that i've learnt, that we must not uh, that that we must have uh, rep- replicated uh, components across the site.
uh, to to put it in our terms, or to put it in our setting, uh, is the main message, that i would like to ask all the partners to avoid doing any updates to their workers shortly before the demo.
(person3) uh, so um, and at the same time  uh, we we want to test the uh, the uh, components uh, better components because i know, that [person14] had something which could be very uh, very promising for the asr, right?
could you have some?- (person17) but you mean <unintelligible>- (person3) so i thought - so you've mentioned uh, the that your submission to iwslt, or paper uh, paper to iwslt.
because <laugh> i always attempted to put the best features there, but if you're saying, that this cannot happen for the demo, then yes, there is less risk, that will break the demo with that.
uh, so uh, what i wanted to say is that we are finally getting to that like kind of regular testing of the systems integrated in the pipeline, so that we are- when we are starting a pipeline.
this ladder climbing needs that we'll be regularly testing a new models and new components in the pipeline and putting all the results into one single table and that will tell us, what is our current best technology for this particular set-up.
we would have frozen fingerprints, and for the research, there would be also workers, which are not path parts of the path uh, of this frozen fingerprints, but which are uh, for testing.
and for uh, the so and we would obviously move uh, like a research fingerprint to a to a frozen fingerprint, only when we are confident, that all the components are are stable and they play well together.
so uh, so starting with this uh, big uh, the software engineering uh, request to properly separate diploid versions and and then the still like the the proper staging of of the systems.
but at this point uh, i hope, that uh, uh, that [person1] is on top of this and that we know, which uh, fingerprint paths do we want to demo for the various um, input documents.
obviously, this is like a uh, the th- over- overfitting, this is this is already uh, cheating uh, in terms of um, uh, like showing the real the real performance, but i think, that uh, we can do in the demo we can do for example the same video uh, presented twice.
and uh, the uh, the reason to uh, uh, to do this uh, including w- with the knowledge of the reference transcript and reference uh, translations is to give the viewers and also ourselves uh, a chance to see the relation between the number in the score and the actually preserved quality.
so uh, please, let me know if you if you are opposed to this approach, but i think it's uh, it's better for everybody to to know, what is the- this is <unintelligible> benchmark, how far can we get.
so the main message is that we will have a number of demo uh, dry run sessions again and the date for the demo will be chosen uh, and uh, we will choose and freeze um, the the fingerprints for the demo.
i've mentioned that already in in the previous call if i'm uh, not mistaken, but i know, that we have not maken uh, we have not made any steps to that.
(person19) but don't quite understand that, so i'm not sure with <laugh> all of that, but i think, you you saying, you've got an email from a project officer?
and i think that uh, this can be uh, this can happen at the demo dry run sessions as well because this is all research partners there.
and this is for us to uh, make use of the iwslt shared task to choose the best systems, that we have at at hand and also to validate, whether we have screwed up the evaluation or whether it is uh, actually correct.
the deadline for the recorded uh, demo is alread- it's the 17th of june and uh, the idea is that probably [person20] will present uh, that uh, with s- like a s- screen sharing uh, recorded with uh, little not avatar, but [person20] [person20]s head himself in in the corner of of the slide.
uh, and uh, we will also try to uh, include in this video uh, a demo of the of the system as it is, uh, live uh, subtitling some of the videos, that w- are planned for demo, for the p- for the project officer anyway.
uh, so in one of these dry run session, we'll also record what what we are delivering and we'll include it in the uh, in the iwslt uh, presentation.
uh, a number of doodle pools is to come uh, for the uh, for offering the slots to the project officer, for the demo and for the regular dry run sessions, where we will also sort out the technical uh, or discuss the technical uh, things, we've learnt from iwslt submission.
