(person5) no, no, this is the same link you can find in the – if you have accepted <ehm> that <ehm> meeting invite, it is the same link.
(person6) <mmhm> <mmhm> (person5) so, i – i wanted (to note) that – <ehm> so, (i didn't know) <unintelligible> – it was like – (i don't think there is) <unrecognisable_speech> there is the – <ehm> everything i <unintelligible> clean manually corrected transcript as well as <unintelligible>.
(person6) if i <ehm> – if we look at it together and i will just <ehm> detailise some things that you want to know <ehm> – so <ehm>, <ehm> i will send you a link to minutes annotation, so that you can open it now.
<ehm> so – (person5) but [organization2] meet is also free for fourty minutes, but i want to <unintelligible> [person6], how like <ehm> [person5] <ehm> like (be have got like the paid for <unintelligible> [organization2]).
because <ehm> that's kind of for everybody and <ehm> (if) we have not cross with other <ehm> – with other courses that are going on on <ehm> – at our faculty.
i send a big attachement via some server and link to it, and in the attachement of the e-mail i send him the pre-processed automatic speech reconstructed – speech reconstruction transcript.
so when you send that – so <unrecognisable_speech> so what the annotator does is that he or she listens to the audio, and also goes to the automatic speech – <ehm> speech transcript.
so if they really ask for that, i can – i sometimes send them <ehm> just for – once <unrecognisable_speech> they look like, but mostly – (person5) but <unrecognisable_speech> what is the original minutes?
<ehm> and the documents <ehm> contain original agenda of the meeting, which was created by [person5] or [person2] before the meeting and partially <ehm> s- <unintelligible> extended during the meetings, or sometimes after the meeting.
(person5) okay, so i would like to ask you now – so, by this original meetings, what <unintelligible> [person5] and [person2] (has) created, so it is just for (reference of the annotators).
it is actually a questions, because there are some drawbacks of those originnal minutes, because <ehm> they do not contain some information or they may contain something that was not discussed during the meeting.
we can put them together with other <ehm> – with transcripts and get more, just get more – (person5) so, not all the meetings has the original minutes, right?
(person6) <ehm> yes, <ehm> we try to get original minutes from the minu- meeting organisers, but sometimes <ehm> it may be very short for example, for – some group of meetings, for example for [project1], <ehm> the minutes are very very short and they contain just one line ([project1] book).
<ehm> so i still kind of – so at the moment i do not have any idea hw to technically work with the variant that annotators send the data via (gatehub).
<ehm> but at the moment i'm not ready to say how it should be organised, because i have to give them <ehm> tasks <ehm> s- i have to say them 'now you <ehm> write this and that – this meeting' <ehm>, i have to correct it, so i have to look if their transcript and the minutes are <ehm> okay.
(person6) yes, but after <unintelligible> – (person4) but i think we – i think we agreed that they will keep communicating with you in the same way and that <unintelligible> will manage (log it up) – (person6) well, well – (person4) <unintelligible> what you will – (person6) [person4], not really, because afterwards, after that meeting, he said me many times h- that he still s- sees that it should be maybe changed.
(person6) probably (we should) – (person4) so, [person6] – (person6) not exclude this option for the moment, <ehm> but – (person4) okay, so, [person6], i – yeah i – so – so this is like you <unrecognisable_speech> to upload the minute <unintelligible> correct, so this is actually a (list) work for us.
(person4) like if the annotators up- upload the minute themselves, so – (person6) actually i'm not really fine with that at the moment, because for me – <ehm> i should think it over and i didn't do it yet.
(person5) so, <unrecognisable_speech> [person6], so <ehm> – so <ehm> – let – [person4] said in the morning – i also like – to some extent i thought and i – i think i also believe to some extent – so – <ehm> <unintelligible> we have an actually manual evaluation <unintelligible>.
i – i need the al- i – understood we need the alignment, but <ehm> i was talk <unintelligible>, so we must have a measure or a <unintelligible> by which we can use the alignment to produce something.
i'm not sure <ehm> – first i'm not sure that i understand what you ask and second i'm not sure  – i'm not sure i can answer.
so this is what – <ehm> if you would ask [person5] this question he would probably say that <ehm> <unintelligible> think about it and <ehm> make o <ehm> or invent the measure or metric for – for that.
so i've like – i – i would pick up from this (here), so the thing is that <ehm> meeting or coming up with that measure want to be that much busy.
so the options that we have is – we have the transcript, which is manually corrected, we have the minute, which is the <unintelligible>,  contains the <unintelligible> summary.
(person4) well i wouldn't say none of them really works (well), i would say that they are kind of deceptive in some cases like they tch- they are very high – very high <unintelligible> – (person6) yes <mmhm>.
so, we need the na- next try human evaluation, (decides) them, we compute them, but we add the number of human evaluation, so that we can <ehm> be sure that we have good  quality.
<unrecognisable_speech> (person4) it's human based and every – every human evaluation is subjective, so – <unrecognisable_speech> everyone is doing it that way, so – i mean most of the research evaluat- human evaluation in nature language (generation) is done that way, so- (person5) okay, (wonderful).
<typing> <unrecognisable_speech> okay, so, like – okay, so the thing is that if we don't come up <ehm> with the alignment based manual evaluation <unintelligible>, we will do as the normally the other (energy) task <unintelligible> <ehm> entries, right?
(person5) yeah, so <parallel_talk> so – <parallel_talk> if we – if we are like – if we are not able to come up with the alignment <ehm>, if we are not able to come up with the alignment based <ehm> manual evaluation measure, – (person4) yes.
(person6) so <ehm> really <ehm> we want to use <ehm> alignment annotation for summarisation, this is variant a. but we have <ehm> (little) time and very probably we don't have to <ehm> prepare this alignments.
yes, so <ehm> – so the thing is that <ehm> my <ehm> <unrecognisable_speech> before november it would be difficult to come up with the alignment (this score), so <ehm> for the (past) shared task that we have (way) to propose <unintelligible> speech, i think we should go whatever is available and whatever is (better) to us.
and then maybe we would also like do some research on this and we come with some (beautiful) matrix, and then maybe the second <ehm> – you know the second event <unintelligible> we can come up with this <ehm> new <unintelligible> – new techniques that we want to do.
<unintelligible> so, i now loose – i know there are many autoatic measures for summarisation so if we like just put those <ehm> in the proposal <ehm> (no one we) question?
yeah, it's how we should do the shared task and – (person6) <ehm> <parallel_talk> yeah, so – <parallel_task> so, <ehm> what i wanted to discuss <ehm> is probably <ehm> the format of the basic sample trial.
and then i <ehm> – wh- when [person1] appears <ehm> i will discussed – <ehm> discuss with him, if his annotation tool can work with the <unintelligible> samples, and then prepare <ehm> the second <ehm> version of basic samples.
and <ehm>, as for the data format, this is also a point with [person4] <ehm> – (person4) as for the data format i'm already clear, like it's what we discussed like the three – three sections in each (file).
(person4) so this is – i think this is the <ehm> – so it's almost like i said, but you can – i said to remove the meta-data, you can put them with <ehm> – with a (label) in your <unintelligible> brackets – (person6) yes, meta-data and dashes, dashes is important.
(person4) so it's – it's almost the same, so the format is stable <unintelligible> – (person6) yes, this is – well, i think i will have to discuss it with you before i begin once more about some details.
(person4) yes, sure, because – yes, <unrecognisable_speech> (person6) but, yes yes, but – (person4) but i think this is a – because this way you put all the information, (you put practically put on) all information, because you have the meta-data <unintelligible> the summary.
(person4) i think for this we are okay, but we didn't have time in the morning to discuss about some other details, like <ehm> anonymisation of – anonymi- anonymisation of the names of this annotators.
we need – we need to (encall) them, so you have to prepare a list with their real full names and their annot01, annot02, annot03 and that you have to put in the <ehm> (folders).
and then you will use the zer- annot01 as the name to the folder structure that you – that we have, so you will have to rename the folder structure.
what – <ehm> what – what, like renaming in the structure in the directory or the list, or what do you – (person6) so, now we are <ehm> looki- we are <ehm> kind of <ehm> changing <ehm> the data storage from (sorbow) to gatehub repository.
(person6) somebody – so – and if i – (person4) yes, so you create the (file) – you create the (file) the document that – internal – that you have access to, or even a notebook let say, a paper notebook, and you have to keep the – the names of this collaborators or annotators, their full names – (person6) yes, this is clear.
because <ehm> i'm not able at the moment, i'm not sure if i can be – if i can make <unintelligible> but i – at the moment it is very complicated for me to anonymise <ehm> all of the files to – so to name general names.
so it may – it should not be the name of the annotator, but it should be some id that i can <ehm> dete- that i can determine where to put it.
(person4) yes, but before that i also have – i mean, i also propose some other things but you didn't have time to discuss them, so, i'm not sure – (person6) so, let's meet today, [person4], let's meet today in person?
<unintelligible> to <unintelligible> (more) – (person4) [person5] would be – better to have also [person5], i don't know, when he's available now, or tomorrow, or – so maybe it's better to set up another meeting, like today – like one of the day in the morning?
(person5) i think the meeting pass- yeah, the meeting password is minuting, which is already there in the meeting <unintelligible> (person6) could you – could it – could you please send it to [person3]?
(person4) <ehm> no, i mean i definitely – (with) definitely <unintelligible> with [person5] to – because today we didn't finish, like we left some issues without dicsussing them, so <ehm> – we cannot really discuss anything without [person5], because <ehm> – (person5) exactly, yeah.
